What is it guys and work them out.
Now you can see that we're totally done with this.
I did one thing and that is I just give some padding from this side right here.
And then they say that it looks more better and you can see it is looking more Creedon professional.
I have to give more from here and you can see that I added one thing and that is I just went there to
the content and in the background I added this color so you can see that the color has been added and
it is now matching our things so we don't have to add an orange image right here.
So you can see everything looks pretty good.
OK.
What I have to do right now I have to add another section and I have to hit this and then I have to
hit wriggler.
So here we want to add the full width.
OK.
And then we want to add the text right here.
So I'm going to add a text right here and my text is basically going to be a heading so I'm going to
add each one.
And then here and then slash and then h 1.
OK.
And then here I have to rate
client
the police
client reviews OK I'm going to go to the design right here.
I'm going to go to the text Ray here.
And I'm going to assign this to center.
So let's just said this and then we have and then we have to come here and we have to go to the heading
to x ray here.
I'm going to make it much bigger
OK.
This looks cool.
And well I have to do right now I have to hit this and then I have to come here.
I have to change the color so I want to change the color to be the orange right here.
And this should be also orange.
Let's click orange right here and here we go.
I'm just going to come here.
I'm going to decrease the font size Let's see him here.
Let's click this and track it and let's come here to the font size.
Sorry.
This is the font.
I want to change the size of it.
So
cool.
I want to come here to the client and I want to make it the same
call.
OK.
I have to just click cross and there we go.
So you can see that we have our client revues Slyke here.
OK.
And now what we have to do we need a divider read below.
So I'm going to come here and I think basically we should not very we should not change the size of
it so we should make it to normal client reviews OK.
Or just change it.
OK.
Just make the full block.
And change this revues to Golden.
So this looks it could create as well.
OK.
Let's come here.
Let's come here to get the color right here.
OK.
And here we go.
You can see this is done.
So this is also looking pretty great.
OK.
We can also change this if you want to but I don't think so.
Now we have to add a divider array below.
So I want to just click this guy right here and then come here and let's click OK.
Disburden.
OK.
And I need a divider.
DV So let's spring this here.
Let's go to the show the writer and we want to choose the design so its color is going to be the orange
one and its style should be almost criticizing.
So its style.
It so using old school to the sizing I don't know why I'm so confused.
I'm just going to increase this to two pick saw three.
OK let's get to the video.
So we wanted to create the event and we want it to center let's decrease it more.
Cool.
OK.
I have to just say OK.
And now here below I want to add some reviews right below.
Ok so I have to just click this and we need for previews.
OK.
So I'm going to go to the testimonial.
I think we have a testimonial who should be let go to that testimonial.
OK.
And the author's name should be John Doe.
The job title should be
more Khidir and his company is
a PE.
And then here I'm going to add the whole content that what he say's basically.
So next door event is the best company
I have ever seen.
OK.
And here we go.
You can see this is coming right here.
I can also add an image.
If I have it here so I'm going to see if I have any of it so I'm going to go to select File.
I'm going to go to the Dessau pray here and I will upload my own image.
Go to
this right here.
So I'm going to hit upload image.
OK.
And here is the image that is coming.
So everything looks pretty cool.
I'm going to go to the design right here because we want to design it so we have to focus on this our
color thing that we are.
So I'm going to go to the code icon so my code icon should be black and this should be orange OK.
See I'm like this we have to go to that text right here.
So my text orientation should be the text orientation should be right here the center I'm going to go
to the body text and the let's go to the condom tray here and let's go to the elements so bad trunk
hair should be the background color so I want the background color to be orange cool.
OK.
Also done with the background color.
So let's come here and you can see it looks pretty cool.
OK.
We can make it a bit more later if you want to.
OK I have to go.
We can also choose the black If we want to and choose the orange color we can.
OK.
I'm just going to come here to the text right here.
And the body text.
So I want to change the body text color to be orange.
OK.
So you can also symbol for that's what I didn't think so if it looks good.
So I'm going to choose I'm going to press the control Z Oh my God.
OK.
I have to do everything from scratch.
And then I go to the Condon's right here I'm going to go to the text so it should be Tansey later on.
I won't enter my any way until someone else in the.
OK.
I want to go to the top titles so CEO and
the company name OK and when I enter the content.
Here's how I'm going to pay something.
OK.
I need to enter the large ipsum so I'm going to come here.
I'm going to crab This right here to till this copy.
Come here and paste.
And here we go.
I'm going to go here to image right here.
I'm going to click upload and then I have to head this and I have to hit upload it.
You can see this is right here.
I'm going to go to that design and I want to go to the code icon so my code icon should be orange and
the background should be black.
None of them I know this should be orange and this should be black.
Cool.
OK.
Now I have to work with the element of this and come here to element and the background.
I'm going to choose the background color to be orange so you can see how this is looking.
I think it looks pretty cool.
I'm going to come here.
I'm going to just save it and I need to duplicate it to placate Kate and duplicate So we have to now
track it and drop it trade here.
We have to try it and drop a tray here and we have to drag it and drop it right here.
OK now I'm done.
I'm going to come here.
I'm going to make it the full width so I'm going to go to the alignment the sizing and make it full
with.
OK.
That's all you have to do.
So you can see this is auratus looking.
I think I have to just change something.
So I'm going to come here.
Let's just don't make it full if I think I'm going to go to the sizing right here.
Don't just make it full with you some cut it cut it.
The custom made the color red.
So I'm going to I'm here I'm going to freeze it.
This looks amazing as well.
What I think we need to give something.
So I think what what if we add some border right here so that it separates everything.
So I'm going to come here to the water right here and I want treat.
Click here and I want to just add one pixel.
So here we go.
I want to come here to this as well.
I'm going to come here to the design the border and then I have to enter one.
OK.
So I'm like this.
I don't have to I don't want to give it from the left side.
Someone did use zero zero from the left OK.
Is that right.
OK.
I want to choose one.
And from the left side I need zero pixels so that it keeps maintain it maintains it.
OK.
I want to come here again and I want to change this so this is going to be the full one for one.
Let's come here.
Let's click this one.
Let's go to the design item here.
Let's come here.
Let's get to here.
And then we have to bought a.
I'm going to use one.
OK.
And then I have the left side.
So my left side is going to be zero cool.
I'm going to come here seem like this.
I have to come here and I have to go to the design and I have to go down.
And here I have to just come here to the fold.
OK.
Let's him here again.
Let's come here to the full size so I want to go to this guy right here for I want to just add it from
all the sides.
OK.
And then I have to remove it from the left right.
So when I add 0.
So you can see this is all sort of move and everything looks cool.
So I'm going to come here and I'm going to hit save and you can see how this kind of abuse is coming.
So thanks a lot guys for watching this.
And now we're also done with the review section.
So in the next video we'll be working a bit more stuff.
Goodbye.